Privacy Policy

Last updated: 25-05-23

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which DOERS collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the doerscompany.in website ("Website"). This Privacy Policy applies to the Website and all products and services offered by DOERS.

1. Personal identification information:
   DOERS may collect personal identification information from Users in various ways, including but not limited to when Users visit our Website, register on the Website, add Suggestion to our suggestion box, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Website. Users may be asked for their name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other relevant information. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website-related activities.

2. Non-personal identification information:
   DOERS may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Website. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer or device, and technical information about Users' means of connection to our Website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.

3. Web browser cookies:
   Our Website may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. Users' web browsers place cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Website may not function properly.

4. How we use collected information:
   DOERS may collect and use Users' personal information for the following purposes:
   - To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.
   - To improve our Website: We continually strive to improve our Website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from Users.
   - To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests from Users. If the User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

5. How we protect your information:
   We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Website.

6. Sharing your personal information:
   We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

7. Changes to this Privacy Policy:
   DOERS has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

8. Your acceptance of these terms:
   By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website